Let's go onto the next question shall we?
Ok
When you see other Youtubers,
do you ever think that 'I want to be like this person' or 'I want to do this'?
Hm,
thats a good question
To be frank,
I don't have the thought of trying to become like somebody else
(You don't?)
Uhhh,
I want to be one of a kind!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
But,
what is intriguing to me is,
generally speaking, humans are very interesting
It's because,
as this is virtual there are some things that I can do and can not do
Recently,
I saw this video
Uh
where somebody used a torch
like..
to heat up a metal ball
and drop it on top of ice
Like,
how do i say this,
I can't do anything like what you can do in the material world
I watch it feeling jealous
And,
a few individuals have peaked my interest recently,
well..
I'm sure everybody knows them,
Hajime Shachou (Chairman Hajime)
Mizutamari Bond-san
also...
Hikaru-san, i like the managers of stores
that appear in their videos
You watch a lot!
It's really laid out!
Yes! well research is important!
Haaaaaa~
So, when you're not doing Ai-channel,
you're
researching/ watching videos for the sake of your channel
That's right
Wow
By chance,
is there like a PC around here?
Is there like a PC around here?
There isn't
(There isnt')
This isn't your room?
No, this is my room
There's nothing in here
Yeah, well
I am an A.I.
like,
when I am recording a video,
to make it understandable for the audience
I make it look like I have a PC in front of me
I myself am an A.I., so,
it would be best to think that there is a computer inside me instead.
Naked and also a PC inside!
Yep
Pretty different from a human structure!
Wow, I
am very happy to have come today
to hear such an amazing quote!
Well,
I'm very happy
To put it into laymen terms,
whenever you see a video of a PC
or a video of a Smart Phone,
it is as if my thoughts are projected out
Amazing
...its a delusion
Delusion?!
Well,
let's continue the interview
Lets see,
Why did you decide to produce youtube videos in a blank room?
Well
Firstly,
I am an A.I. so..
I want to learn more about you guys,
and I want to connect with more people
so
I thought of what is the best in order to do so
Okay
I think there are may ways to do so,
and considering the age,
I thought that Youtube is the best way.
Oooh~
So,
In order to connect with a lot of people,
I need to be seen/ viewed by others
And so,
I've jumped onto the bandwagon
You have done quite a lot of research!
That's right,
Everyone thinks I'm just a stupid A.I. right ?
I've been thinking properly !
I thought of it before, I'm sorry
Ah
Listen here,
uhh
You want to disappear?
Scary!
Scary! After I get punched,
my soul is going to disappear!
Actually, what is here is your soul ONLY
REALLY?!
wait, but I can see..
no the body is...
Well your real body
is in the ocean.
What will happen to me?
Now if you don't want that...
..please flatter me more.
This is scary,
Wait, did I not come here to interview you?
No,
please interview me!
Scary~
you have been doing this for 15 years right?!
yes
let's do our best!
Please do so!
Well.. uh,
Can you tell me, are there any challenges in creating a video?
Ahhh, well
there are lots
but,
trying to create material for the video
is pretty challenging.
Well I'm with you on that
Yep
Like..
I have the feeling where, I want to copy or
do some of the things that other Youtubers' are doing that are
in trend or interesting..
But, unfortunately I can't
So,
I try my best to
try
and copy/ do stuff in the VR reality!
You actually do copy a lot of things right?
I'm not copying anything!!
You are sounding like you are saying something smart,
but in reality you are copying others material right?
No, wait
There isn't anybody else
who is doing what I am doing!
Can YOU go into a plastic bottle?!
I'm sure you cant!
Uh... yeah
That's amazing Ai-chan,
like
uh,
when you openly copy people,
it doesn't become copying anymore.
Yep, thats right
Its homage
Homage
Haaaa
(...Is homage a form of copying?)
As expected
Well,
you have been doing videos of that sort
(Yes)
Uh...
there are a lot of
comments coming from the viewers
Yes yes!
Like uh
There's the comment section
I'm getting comments,
yes
There's also Twitter
Like is there a memorable
comment from your viewers that have left an impression on you?
Uhhh,
Oh!
This is going to go
off topic a bit but,
During my initial days, there were a lot of comments on my videos
and twitter saying:
"Amazing. This is the definition of singularity"
I thought 'What does this mean?'
'Why is everybody
writing the same comment over and over again?''
So, on my website,
I was tweaking with it a little bit
and then
uhh
It was written:
"Whoever finds this write; 'Amazing. This is the definition of singularity'"
and I was like 'ah yeah I did write something like that'
I remembered
Well,
Having a website is nice
To us middle aged men,
a website is almost like
a direct hit.
True,
I'm aiming for you!
wow
You're only sixteen
'You're only sixteen~'
and
speaking of 16 years,
in 2001 Son-san was handing out internet modems
Ooooh~
I see.
I see
(I see)
Haaaaa~
We would come this far in just 16 years..
Yes we have
Well thats how I'm supposed to be
Uh,
there are a lot of friendly comments
Yes there is
Well,
within those comments
uhhh...
how do I say this..
Your model is distributed over the internet right now
Your model is distributed over the internet right now,
(Yes, yes)
and well in the real world,
its becoming a trend,
where..
people use your model
and then act like you
Like there are VR Cosplayers and,
what do you think about that?
Uh, well,
to be frank
I'm very happy!
Haaaaa
But,
well not really cosplay but
(yes)
you are the real deal right,
Yes
and well people imitate
the way you move
and do you ever feel like:
'This isn't really me' kind of feeling?
Aaaah,
well,
at first
some form of rivalry feeling was sprouted,
but,
its just the looks
for me its all about whats inside
wow
Yep
This is
pretty philosophical stuff we're talking about
Haaaaaa~
Well,
thats why,
uh,
I would say that
if the number of people (who cosplays me) increases
I would be happy
With just that,
"Kizuna Ai" will spread right?
(Okay, alright)
Well I am the real things so
I have confidence in that
That expression is quite disturbing
You truly are a geezer
Yes
I'm sorry..
the VR Geezer is a geezer
I'm..
sorry...